So right here we come there is structure that we need in this case we need that they will throw it out
so they close the road and then we need the table data and we're going to add for example the image
the title and the price.
And so we're going to have to remove the scores from the shopping cart or going out at the close of
the T.
And Rachel I'm going to hit me as RC and then when I close the doc then I'm going up in the lab sign
up in the braces.
And right here you can see we have code so I'm going to pass cores because we have this all into this
shouldn't we pass the court's Imphal object into this function and we need to access this.
We're going out that much.
Remember that your axes are not weak in their properties using adult.
So we're going to have another DD enclose that DD right here and then copies of copies in page right
here.
And this is going to be the title of course title like this.
Now we're going to make two more copies of this
the other one is going to be the price we're going up price right here.
And the last one is going to be an anchor.
So I'm going I can make some Aspasia here.
And we're going to use a each ref is going to be to that punch saying we're going to create a class
called remove and we're going to have that Ivy.
This case is going to be equal to course and you can see the properties called Ivy.
So we're going to be and this is going to be a next.
Then we close the Ingur and this is going to close the table data.
So they have this template is it's going to be added into these card content break into it they will
bully.
So we need to create that variable it's opened up that geas scroll to the top so I can my Here comma
and we're going to call this one shopping.
Got that content that is going to be to document that the selector and the avi it's going to be these
card content.
So we use the bonsai and got Gunton
you and card content.
And then this table while the keyboard.
So now this variable is going to be available in the program and we can insert scroll to the bottom
we can insert these grow into that.
They will watch the so they're comin out into the shopping cart.
And we're going to have shopping cart content Daut up in child and we're going to pass up all so save
these and that's another one and that's of course for us for example this one is Timofei CSSA 3 and
Javascript for beginners.
You don't have to go out and then scroll to the top and you can see that we have the course information
we have the magic we have the title.
And that's all we have the the prize and this extra remove this from the from the list.
If these you can see that we lost everything because we come in say these into a local storage.
But this was working.
If they are one of these you can see that the matches really big.
So we're going to break it.
I'm going to have an attribute with something like 100 pixels.
I think it's going to be fine.
So let's add another one.
And yeah you can see that this looks way better.
The machine really is Moul the name of the course the price.
And we also have these X remove the cards from the shopping cart.
So in the next video let's see how we can out the functionality to remove the car the courses from the
shopping cart.